---
layout: meetup
title: Hands-on Introduction to Quantum Computing
---

Details
[REGISTRATION FORM BELOW]

Welcome to our first monthly meetup in Delhi for those interested in Quantum Computing!

This meetup will focus on the introductory theory behind quantum computing, its potential and limitations, and will help you build your first circuit to see how quantum computing differs from classical computing and teach you to manipulate qubits through quantum logic gates.

The meetup will start out with an introduction by our local members, where we will speak about the potential of Quantum Computing and its applications.

After a short seminar to give you the required theoretical knowledge, we will primarily be working in tutorial Jupyter notebooks that will help you through the process of constructing, simulating, and testing your first quantum circuits.

Concluding the session we will be joined by Junye, an Advocate from IBM's quantum computing community over a video call where he will talk about developing quantum games.

We of course encourage you to discuss and bond with your fellow participants where you will begin to see familiar faces as the community grows.

On: February 2, 2020
At: Lecture Hall Complex, IIIT-Delhi
From: 1:30 PM to 6:00 PM
Registration Deadline: January 31, 2020
Prerequisite: Knowledge of Python. It is a big advantage to be familiar with Jupyter Notebooks, but we will be sending out an e-mail to participants before the actual meetup.

Registration Form: https://indiq.typeform.com/to/cf7iIo

For further queries, reach out to our social media handles:

IndiQ
Twitter (@IndiQmeetups)
Instagram (@indiqmeetups)
Mail (indiqmeetups@gmail.com)

BraQIIIT (IIIT-Delhi)
Twitter (@BQiiit)
Instagram (@braqiiit)
Mail (braqiiit@gmail.com)